Update New-CsTeamsAppSetupPolicy.md (#10678)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsAppSetupPolicy.md

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1

```powershell
$identity = "New-TestTeamsAppSetupPolicy" + (Get-Date -Format FileDateTimeUniversal)
New-CsTeamsAppSetupPolicy -Identity $identity
```
Create a new TeamsAppSetupPolicy, if no parameters are specified, the Global Policy configuration is used by default.

### Example 2

```powershell

> $identity = "New-TestTeamsAppSetupPolicy" + (Get-Date -Format FileDateTimeUniversal)

Author: Good suggestion, will fix it.

> Create a new TeamsAppSetupPolicy.Set users can upload a custom app package in the Teams app because set AllowSideLoading as true,and set users’s existing app pins can be added to the list of pinned apps set because set AllowUserPinning as true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new TeamsAppSetupPolicy. Users can upload a custom app package in the Teams app because AllowSideLoading is set as True, and existing app pins can be added to the list of pinned apps because AllowUserPinning is set as True.

```

New-CsTeamsAppSetupPolicy -Identity Get-$identity -AllowSideLoading $true -AllowUserPinning $true 
```

> Create a new TeamsAppSetupPolicy. Users can upload a custom app package in the Teams app because AllowSideLoading is set as True, and existing app pins can be added to the list of pinned apps because AllowUserPinning is set as True.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a new TeamsAppSetupPolicy. Users can upload a custom app package in the Teams app because AllowSideLoading is set as True, and existing app pins can be added to the list of pinned apps because AllowUserPinning is set as True.
```

### Example 3

```powershell
$identity = "New-TestTeamsAppSetupPolicy" + (Get-Date -Format FileDateTimeUniversal)

# Set ActivityApp, ChatApp, TeamsApp as PinnedAppBarApps
$ActivityApp = New-Object -TypeName Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.PinnedApp -Property @{Id="14d6962d-6eeb-4f48-8890-de55454bb136"}
$ChatApp = New-Object -TypeName Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.PinnedApp -Property @{Id="86fcd49b-61a2-4701-b771-54728cd291fb"}
$TeamsApp = New-Object -TypeName Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.PinnedApp -Property @{Id="2a84919f-59d8-4441-a975-2a8c2643b741"}
$PinnedAppBarApps = @($ActivityApp,$ChatApp,$TeamsApp)

# Settings to pin these apps to the app bar in Teams client.
New-CsTeamsAppSetupPolicy -Identity $identity -AllowUserPinning $true -PinnedAppBarApps $PinnedAppBarApps
```

> Create a new TeamsAppSetupPolicy and pin ActivityApp, ChatApp, TeamsApp apps to the app bar in Teams client by setting these apps as PinnedAppBarApps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a new TeamsAppSetupPolicy and pin ActivityApp, ChatApp, and TeamsApp apps to the app bar in Teams client by setting these apps as PinnedAppBarApps.
```

### Example 4

```powershell
$identity = "New-TestTeamsAppSetupPolicy" + (Get-Date -Format FileDateTimeUniversal)

# Set VivaConnectionsApp as PinnedMessageBarApps
$VivaConnectionsApp = New-Object -TypeName Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.PinnedMessageBarApp -Property @{Id="d2c6f111-ffad-42a0-b65e-ee00425598aa"}
$PinnedMessageBarApps = @($VivaConnectionsApp)
# Settings to pin these apps to the messaging extension in Teams client.
Set-CsTeamsAppSetupPolicy -Identity Set-$identity -AllowUserPinning $true -PinnedMessageBarApps $PinnedMessageBarApps
```

> Create a new TeamsAppSetupPolicy and pin VivaConnections app to the messaging extension in Teams client by setting these apps as PinnedMessageBarApps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a new TeamsAppSetupPolicy and pin the VivaConnections app to the messaging extension in Teams client by setting these apps as PinnedMessageBarApps.
```

### Example 5

```powershell
$identity = "New-TestTeamsAppSetupPolicy" + (Get-Date -Format FileDateTimeUniversal)

# Set VivaConnectionsApp as AppPresetList
$VivaConnectionsApp = New-Object -TypeName  Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.AppPreset -Property @{Id="d2c6f111-ffad-42a0-b65e-ee00425598aa"}
$AppPresetList = @($VivaConnectionsApp)
# Settings to install these apps in your users' personal Teams environment
Set-CsTeamsAppSetupPolicy -Identity Set-$identity -AllowSideLoading $true -AppPresetList $AppPresetList
```

> Create a new TeamsAppSetupPolicy and install VivaConnections App in users' personal Teams environment by setting these apps as AppPresetList.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a new TeamsAppSetupPolicy and install the VivaConnections app in the users' personal Teams environment by setting these apps as AppPresetList.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -Description
Description of App setup policy.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Identity

> Name of App setup policy. If empty, all Identities will be used by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Name of the app setup policy. If empty, all identities will be used by default.
```

```yaml
Type: XdsIdentity
Parameter Sets: Identity
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowUserPinning

> If you turn this on, the user’s existing app pins will be added to the list of pinned apps set in this policy. Users can rearrange, add, and remove pins as they choose. If you turn this off, the user’s existing app pins will be removed and replaced with the apps defined in this policy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you turn this on, the user’s existing app pins will be added to the list of pinned apps set in this policy. Users can rearrange, add, and remove pins as they choose. If you turn this off, the user’s existing app pins will be removed and replaced with the apps defined in this policy.
```

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowSideLoading
This is also known as side loading. This setting determines if a user can upload a custom app package in the Teams app. Turning it on lets you create or develop a custom app to be used personally or across your organization without having to submit it to the Teams app store. Uploading a custom app also lets you test an app before you distribute it more widely by only assigning it to a single user or group of users.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PinnedAppBarApps

> Pinning an app displays the app in the app bar in Teams client. Admins can pin app and they can allow users to pin. Pinning is a used to highlight apps that are needed the most by users and promote ease of access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pinning an app displays the app in the app bar in Teams client. Admins can pin apps and they can allow users to pin apps. Pinning is used to highlight apps that are needed the most by users and promote ease of access.
```

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.PinnedApp[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PinnedMessageBarApps

> Apps will be pinned in messaging extensions and into the ellipsis menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Apps are pinned in messaging extensions and into the ellipsis menu.
```

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.PinnedMessageBarApp[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AppPresetList

> Choose which apps and messaging extensions you want installed in your users' personal Teams environment and in meetings they create. Users can install other available apps from the Teams app store. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choose which apps and messaging extensions you want to be installed in your users' personal Teams environment and in meetings they create. Users can install other available apps from the Teams app store. 
```
